## TODO List:
- [x] Ask mom for Disney+ login details @completed(2024-08-19T09:35:39+02:00)
- [ ] Sort out Stock Market College details #pers
- [x] Finish article [[Trading Stocks on Mt5]] @completed(2024-08-17T09:18:20+02:00)

## Notes:
### [Bloomberg: Stock Markets Today](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2024-08-15/stock-markets-today-uk-gdp-data-apple-s-robot-push-fed-rate-cut-bets?utm_campaign=socialflow-organic&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_content=business&cmpid=socialflow-twitter-business&s=09)
- __Growth Path__:
- Awaiting more data to determine UK interest rates.
	- Inflation figures (earlier this week)
	- GDP (today)
	- Retail sales (later this week)
- The pound is still the best performing major currency this year. Largely due to bets the BOE (Bank of England) will keep rates high relative to other major banks.

- __Apple's Robot Push__
- Apple is looking to creating a home robot to diversify revenue streams. The robot combines a iPad like screen with a robotic arm that will move it around. 

- __Buffet. Burry and Ackman__
	- Warren Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway:
		- Small stakes in Ulta Beauty (cosmetics chain) and Heico (aerospace) during the second quarter of the year. Amid the conglomerates broader selling spree.
	- Michael Burry: 
		- Further increased stake in Alibaba.
		- Further slashed overall equities portfolio in half in the second quarter.
	- Bill Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management:
		- New stake in Nike

- __ChatGPT analyst?__
	- Many hedge fund managers are using ChatGPT for research and summaries regarding markets and proposals.

## Daily Questions:
### What did i learn today?
- The differences between an exchange and a CFD.
- Dividends and Ex-Div dates and how they affect the market.

### What went well today?

### What could I have done better today?
- I could have stopped my irritation from showing around vasti and the kids. 
- I could have focused more on doing what I said, like cleaning the pots and tidying the house up a bit.
- I could have expressed myself more, I do feel a bit like every time i talk about my issues around the kids and vasti she gets worried that I am going to leave her or something. We are getting married in a couple months and I know her experience in the past makes her default to people are going to leave but it makes it really hard for me to share. 

### What bothered me today?
- Josh continues to frustrate me and irritate me. I don't know if I'm being to harsh but he keeps screaming and being super loud, on top of that he can't take no for an answer and gets away with everything. I tried stepping back from the discipline side of things to avoid arguments with Vasti but now I am internalising everything so maybe that wasn't the way to go. 
- The gate valve that broke outside is a huge frustration because now we don't have water, it feels at times like there is always something going wrong and I just can't get a break.
- The whole protrack certificate thing is also an issue for me since I can't afford to pay for the certificate and I am worried that I won't get it. Along with that the stock market trading course that i still cant get access to is an issue because I really want to start making some money. Not having an income of my own is a problem for me that I don't think Vasti understands. It's all good and well I help her with her work but none of that contributes to my own name or experience. What if in a few years I still have nothing on my CV and then we need another income. The trading course is cool but I don't know if I am good enough to make it work.
 - I also feel like when Vasti smokes weed she is not 100% present with me or the kids, this makes my feelings worse of sometimes feeling like the only one in the relationship that actively tries to discipline and help the kids. I know she is under a lot of stress with work and stuff but that doesn't mean I need to shoulder everything myself. 
## Links:
-  [Bloomberg: Stock Markets Today](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2024-08-15/stock-markets-today-uk-gdp-data-apple-s-robot-push-fed-rate-cut-bets?utm_campaign=socialflow-organic&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_content=business&cmpid=socialflow-twitter-business&s=09)