## TODO List:
- [x] Item @completed(2024-08-19T09:35:53+02:00)

## Notes:
### Heading

## Daily Questions:
### What did i learn today?
- I continued learning about [[Trading Stocks on Mt5]], specifically about how ___ affects stock market prices:
	- Company Earnings
	- Unforeseen Circumstances
	- Mergers, Takeovers and acquisitions

### What went well today?
I think I handled Ava really well, she was having a tough time managing her emotions and doing her oral. At first I just ignored it but in the evening I went and sat on the bed in her room till she came to me. We then discussed what was bothering her and made a agreement to change the English in her speech to Afrikaans. I then read through it with her before letting her practice it. Later in the evening she continued having minor blowouts but she came to me and we talked. I then lay with her a bit until she calmed down and went to sleep. I also heard from Liv that she feels a bit left out but I sorted that out by saying I would try make an effort to give her more attention. I lay with her a bit before going to bed.

Eden also had a tough time with her dad trying to convince her to go stay with him. After the phone call I gave her a hug and she sat with Vasti and I. We comforted her a bit before she went to write a letter to her dad which we sent via email.

### What could I have done better today?
I could have been more patient or gotten involved with Ava and Liv before the issues got more out of hand later in the night. I could also have communicated my frustrations to Vasti better, but I feel like I can't express my frustration with Josh and sometimes with her when she just ignores his behaviour. I still don't know if I am the wrong one here for getting irritated the whole time with him. I did have a good feeling when I decided to just ignore Josh and go give my full attention to Ava. I need to work on giving my full attention to Liv as well. With Ava and Eden it just feels a lot easier.

### What bothered me today?
- __What specific event or thought bothered me today?__
	Josh remains an issue for me, I don't know what to do. I get so irritated with him, I need to assess why that is. Is it just because of his bad behaviour or is it something I need to deal with. The crying and acting like a baby is a serious problem for me, and he keeps making inappropriate dances and stuff around his sisters, no wonder they don't want to play with him.
  
- __Is there something I'm avoiding that's contributing to my stress?__
	I am continuing to avoid expressing my frustrations and feelings with Vasti. It leaves a lot of room for resentment and other bad thoughts/emotions to build up. I need to start addressing issues as they come up. Maybe I should read the chapter on always telling the truth by Jordan Peterson.
  

## Links:
- [text](link)
- 